Sometimes it's okay if the only thing you did today is breathe. - Yumi Sakugawa
You cannot show up today and expect yesterday’s results. - Tiffany Napper
You don't have to be perfect to inspire other people. Let them be inspired by the way you deal with your struggles, your heartaches, and your imperfections. - Unknown
If you want something different, you have to stop accepting what you’re used to. - Samantha King Holmes
Be easy. Take your time. You are coming home. To yourself. - The Becoming | Wing
When you have a dream, you’ve got to grab it and never let go. -Carol Burnett
Weak people revenge. Strong people forgive. Intelligent people ignore. - Albert Einstein
When writing the story of your life, don’t let anyone else hold the pen. - Unknown
Let them miss you. Sometimes when you're always available, they take you for granted because they think you'll always stay. - Moosa Rahat
Don't let yourself be controlled by these three things: people, money, or past experiences. - Anonymous
If you want me, show me. If you have me, fight for me. If you love me, prove it. - Unknown
Stop feeling sorry for yourself and you will be happy. - Stephen Fry
The purpose of our lives is to be happy. - Dalai Lama
Life is too short to stress over people who don't even deserve to be an issue in your life. - Unknown
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't. - Thomas Edison
Just follow your joy. Always. I think that if you do that, life will take you on the course that it’s meant to take you. - Jonathan Groff
Adversity causes some to break, and others to break records. - William Arthur Ward
Don’t be afraid of death, be afraid of an unlived life. - Natalie Babbitt
Walk away from people who put you down. Walk away from fights that will never be resolved. Walk away from trying to please people who will never see your worth. The more you walk away from things that poison your soul, the healthier you will be. - Unknown
Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change. - Roy T. Bennett
We cannot cure the world of sorrows, but we can choose to live in joy. - Joseph Campbell
At the end of the day, it's not about what you have or even what you've accomplished… It's about who you've lifted up, who you've made better. It's about what you've given back. - Denzel Washington
The truth is... sometimes you have to do what's best for you and your life, not what's best for everyone else. - Anonymous
Rise up, start fresh, see the bright opportunity in each new day. - Unknown
To wish you were someone else is to waste the person you are. - Kurt Cobain
Your failure does not define you, your determination does. - Unknown
Surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you, not the stress in you. - Unknown
The people who are still with you at the end of the day are the ones worth keeping. - Unknown
Over every mountain is a path, although it may not be seen from the valley. - Theodore Roethke
Family and friends are hidden treasures, seek them and enjoy their riches. - Wanda Hope Carter